These YKYWTMSMWs will be added to the next version of the book.

The YouTube comment on the Sailor Moon doll commercial in N12 was from user "PokePawsTV" who spelled the 'e' with a diacritic. As non-unicode terminals do not display the diacritic properly, the user will be uncredited in the fortunes and TXT version of the book, while credited with the appropriate diacritic in the ODT and PDF versions.

For consistency, the alias redblade7 will be used as the author of the book and YKYWTMSMWs, even though I use the alias redneonglow in a lot of places including SMF. redblade7 "(aka redneonglow)" will also be used in the non-fortune parts of the book.

A note that Demonic Curse's "1)" was not copied as it was a duplicate.

During the Olympics (temporary fix, see smtoomuch-v6-errata.txt):

(2819 temporarily renamed 2819A)
2819B. You get the reference to any of these.
2819C. Your face is now actually doing facevaults.

YKYWTMSMW:

N1. ...it's 2017 already and you still make new YKYWTMSMW jokes. (Maraviollantes)

You know you missed out on Sailor Moon fun when...

N2. ...it's 2017 and you're one of only a few people interested in YKYWTMSMWs :( (redblade7)

You know you need to calm down and watch Sailor Moon when...

N3. You hire a lawyer before setting up a fan forum and chat site. (redblade7)
N4. You are worried about whether a YKYWTMSMW is "totally free for distribution" or not. (redblade7)
N5. You start arguing with people about how politically correct or not the show is. (redblade7)

You know you should have watched more Sailor Moon when...

N6. You watch some old commercials on YouTube advertising SM merchandise, then regret that your childhood toys are long gone, especially after looking them up on Amazon and eBay (redblade7, noticing many unhappy YouTube comments)

YKYWTMSMW:

N7. You see an elephant and say "That was so disgusting. I feel like I should go home and take a bath." (redblade7)
N8. if you dye your white cat's fur black - After all, you're Usagi, not Minako. (Onuzim Ima)
N9. You've collected all the Sailor Moon menstrual pads and Sailor Moon condoms. (redblade7)
N10. ...and you have some of the Sailor Moon condoms on your Usagi Tsukino waifu shrine. (redblade7)
N11. ...and you have an Usagi Tsukino waifu shrine to begin with. (redblade7)
N12. When you're watching the Star Wars movies and hear "I've got a bad feeling about this!" you remember the Sailor Moon doll commercial where the kids say "I've got a bad feeling, scouts!" (redblade7, inspired by a YouTube comment on the commercial)
N13. When you have a moonie girlfriend named Megan, and you draw fanart featuring her as "Sailor Megtune" (redblade7, on Internet celebrity Chris-chan)
N14. When reading a book about unicorns, you think of Pegasus. (redblade7)
N15. ...and then you think of Chibiusa. (redblade7)
N16. ...and then you put down the book, and watch an episode of Sailor Moon. (redblade7)
N17. ...and then you forget about the book, because you've been watching Sailor Moon all day. (redblade7)
N18. You buy a lotus-shaped crystal from a feng shui shop and pretend it's the Ginzuishou. (SailorStar9)

https://www.buzzfeed.com/tonyapenn/10-signs-you-are-obsessed-with-sailor-moon-ikbp

10 Signs You Are Obsessed With "Sailor Moon" (Buzzfeed, May 27, 2014): 

N19. #1: You fangirl over ANYTHING Sailor Moon related.
N20. #2: You have a favorite Sailor Moon movie that you watch over and over.
N21. #3: You own at least one of the English or Japanese soundtracks.
N22. #4: You like watching Sailor Moon YouTube fan covers like this one. ["Moonlight Densetsu - Sailor Moon OP [piano]" by Animenz Piano Sheets]
N23. #5: You think that the Outer Senshi theme is the best transformation/attack theme ever.
N24. #6: You think that Haruka and Michiru are one of the best anime lesbian couples ever.
N25. #7: You heart the beauty of the Sailor Moon manga artwork.
N26. #8: You've read lots of action-packed Sailor Moon fan fiction.
N27. #9: You reminiscence about the days you rushed home from school to watch the show.
N28. #10: You are super excited for the Sailor Moon remake coming this July! [note: this refers to Sailor Moon Crystal]
N29. #11: You internally rage because they didn't call it YKYWTMSMW. (a reaction by NeoGAF.com user Cheerilee)

From Julie's Moon Kingdom (http://opcinc.com/julie/toomuch.htm):

N30. you have been issued a restraining order to stay away from all the Serena's in the U.S.
N31. you have a cat and waste countless hours trying to glue a yellow crescent moon (made out of construction paper) on it's fore head 
N32. you think it's unusual that your grandpa is more than 4 feet tall
N33. when the teacher asks you where your home work is because it's late you tell him/her that the negavers took it
N34. you find a hurt kitty and hope that she gives you special powers and are way disappointed when she doesn't
N35. yu blame your trouble concentrating in school on a mysterious guy named mercurious
N36. every guy you see in a tuxedo you assume is your long lost lover
N37. you think it's perfectly normal for a person to have blue hare
N38. you chase your brother around the house with the feather duster shouting moon princess escalation
N39. you start to sweat in one big drop
N40. you and 9 friends get together to be the sailor scouts for [note: cuts off here]

From various threads on GaiaOnline.com's "Sailormoon Everlasting" guild:

N41. You throw your head band at your peers, yelling 'MOON FRISBEE!' (Wakaiba)
N42. your cat strangely has a phobia of crescent moon stickers. (Bunny Rabbit)

You Know You Have Watched Too Much Sailor Moon When...

N43. 2) You use old headbands or CD's as a tiara and thrown them while shouting "Moon Tiara Action" (Demonic Curse)
N44. 3) Speaking of which, you get up and act out ALL the scouts moves when they do them and they are perfectly in sync with the scouts. (Demonic Curse)
N45. 4) You keep saying how such and such reminds you of your old boyfriend (My friend did this for like 2 years when we were growing up and as much as i like Lita and Michele i wanted to hit Lita for start it and Michele for having Lita as her favorite Sailor scout. The thing is, when she first heard that she was 10 and so people thought she was really weird in saying it about 50 diffrent guys when she was to young to even have a boyfriend ^^;; ) (Demonic Curse)
N46. You memorize the scripts from the episodes (Bchan)
N47. You can look at a random screenshot and know what episode it's from (Bchan)
N48. You get really angry when a friend misquotes or makes an error when trying to say something about the series (Bchan)
N49. You nitpick fanart when the colors or costumes are wrong (Bchan)
N50. ... When you memorize Sailor Moon's speech. (Hotaru-hime)
N51. ... When you memorize Sailor Moon's speech in Japanese. (Hotaru-hime)
N52. ... When you hear someone say, "Oh no!" you immediately assume it's a bad guy and wish you could transform (Hotaru-hime)
N53. ... When you hear someone say "Oh no!" and you run into the nearest bathroom to change into your Sailor Moon/Mars/Mercury/Jupiter/Venus/Pluto/Uranus/Neptune/Saturn fuku. (Hotaru-hime)
N54. ... When someons says "Nice pigtails," you wheel around and say, "ODANGOS!" (Hotaru-hime)
N55. ... When you insist on introducing yourself as Tsukino Usagi. (Hotaru-hime)
N56. ... When you insist on doing the above in Japanese. (Hotaru-hime)
N57. ... When you seriously contemplate undergoing cosmetic surgery to look like one of the senshi. (Hotaru-hime)
N58. ... When you can name every enemy... even the minor ones that the major bad guys create. (Hotaru-hime)
N59. ..When one of your little sister's runs into you, you go into Sailor Moon's "I'll punish you" speech in Japanese even though you don't know how to speak it at all... (A result of watching a season of Sailor Moon in a day... which happens to me frequently... xD) (Lamington-Queen)
N60. ... When some gives you that "you like Sailor Moon the little kid's show?" look when they find out you're a fan because they've only seen the English version you go into a huge tirade about how evil and wrong the dub is and that the original is much better at the top of your lungs in a public place (*cough* I've... er... never done this...) (Lamington-Queen)
N61. ... You buy enormous Sailor Moon wallscrolls for $40 even when you don't have anywhere left to put them (eeh heh heh... -_-;) (Lamington-Queen)
N62. ... You've memorized the opening theme songs in Japanese, but when someone questions your ability to speak Japanese, you can give them the translation only because you've memorized the subtitles (Foolish mortals!) (Lamington-Queen)
N63. ... When people ask you your birthday you say, "June 30th! The same day as Sailor Moon/Usagi!" (yay! That's mmmeeeee!) (Lamington-Queen)
N64. ... You sit there thinking of sad instances of your life involving Sailor Moon so that you can make a list like this... ;) (Lamington-Queen)
N65. When a guy in a dinner or somewhere orderes meatballs and talks about how nice they are you turn around and shout at him "they are odnagos not meatballs!" (I did this once and i swear i have never been able to step foot into that cafe again. The manager thinks im still totally nuts) (Demonic Curse)
N66. ... When you eye every person who dyes their hair pink and ask them if they've heard of crystal tokyo. (Hotaru-hime)
N67. ... When you look at the moon and try to find the "Tsuki no Usagi" (rabbit on the moon) and whine when you can't find it. (happened to me -_-;) (Hotaru-hime)
N68. ... When you see a guy with black hair wearing a green jacket and you scream, "MAMO-CHAN!" (Hotaru-hime)
N69. ... When you see the above person with another girl and you shout "ARE YOU CHEATING ON USAGI?!" (Hotaru-hime)
N70. ... When you get three cats and name them Luna, Artemis, and Diana respectively. (Hotaru-hime)
N71. ... When you yell at your friends when they pronounce something wrong. (always...) (Hotaru-hime)
N72. ... When you constantly argue with people that you're NOT crazy, you're just a devoted fangirl. (Hotaru-hime)
N73. ... When the above people try to have an intervention for you. (Hotaru-hime)
N74. ... When Cartoon Network cancels Sailor Moon, but then starts it from the beginning, you go spastic and try to locate the Cartoon Network building.  (Hotaru-hime)
N75. ... When you buy an Uzi to kill the Cartoon Network people. (Hotaru-hime)
N76. ... When people say they like Sailor Moon, but they didn't really like Tuxedo Mask, you turn and scream, "Tuxedo KAMEN-sama! AND HE KICKS a**!" (Hotaru-hime)
N77. ... When you do one of these lists. (Hotaru-hime)
N78. When you get in trouble, you hope to hear "dead-o scream" (Hotaru-hime)
N79. You watch it so much that your 3 and 4 year old nephew and niece knows the name of each senshi!(yeah baby) (Hotaru-hime)
N80. You have your own henshin and henshin music picked out... just in case...  (Hotaru-hime)
N81. You organize a full SM crossplay... gets confusing with the sailorstars (Hotaru-hime) 
N82. ...When someone says their birthday and it matched up with a senshi and you go, "Cool! Same as Sailor (name)!" (Hotaru-hime)
N83. ...When the person slowly edges from you while you explain why that's so cool. (Hotaru-hime) 
N84. ...When you constantly scream about how horrible the dub is (EARS ARE BLEEDING!) (Hotaru-hime)
N85. ...When you pressure your parents to get you the DVD Box Sets. (Hotaru-hime) 
N86. ...When you sigh and say you wish Helios-sama was yours (*sigh*) (Hotaru-hime)
N87. ...When you memorize the opening and ending themes of Sailor Moon and sing them in succession on the Senshi birthdays. (Hotaru-hime)
N88. ...When you decide to fly to Japan to stalk Takeuchi-sama. (Hotaru-hime)
N89. ...When ever someone does something wrong, you do the whole Sailor Moon speech thing, the movements, the words, and even the fuku. (Hotaru-hime) 
N90. You talk to every cat that you see, just in case... (Zan Alexander)
N91. You start hanging out with the smart new girl... just cause... (Zan Alexander)
N92. You swear youre eternal love and friendship to the ditziest girl you know... (Zan Alexander)
N93. You wonder if T.a.t.U. is actaully Haruka and Michiru come to save or world... (Zan Alexander)
N94. You hear someone yell in the park and yell out "Moon Crisis..." (Zan Alexander)
N95. You just cant wait for Keioh Michiru's newest CD...The Waters of Neptune (Zan Alexander)
N96. one word... 'cosplay'. (yaten)
N97. lol, especially if you're a guy... you KNOW you've watched too much sailor moon, or that you're a real sailor moon fan when you refuse to go to a convention unless you can dress up like your favorite sailor soldier!

true story too! lol... my friend randy refused to go to Otakon '03 with me, unless I made him a Sailor Mars costume. So... seeing as he paid for the costume to be made, and I didn't want to drive for 14 hours all alone...

Man Mars was born...

http://www.yatenkou.net/temp/randy.jpg

disclaimer: It is your choice whether to click or not. ^_^v I can not be held responsible if you happen to look, and are traumatized for life.

That was the first costume I ever made, and it took only like 3 hours to sew it together, lol, so no need to tell me it sucks. I already know. Oh, and just to give you some idea of how frightening he was in person... he is 6 foot 3 inches tall, and the choker around his neck measured 19INCHES in length!!
(yaten)
N98. -You join and endure track and field because you want to learn the discus like Usagi. And it prides you to no end when you are actually -good- at it. (Sage of Chaos)
N99. -You permenantly dye your hair teal because of an obsession with Michiru. (Sage of Chaos)
N100. -When creating a Halloween costume for Sailor Neptune, you beg your best friend to play Uranus (because she would have been PERFECT) and screw it all up when you explain that they aren't really 'cousins' (if only I hadn't said that to her -_-;) (Sage of Chaos)
N101. when you start to make up AMV's... for the manga... (Zan Alexander)
N102. you have every possible remark for a debate on why no one can beat the senshi i.e. (yeah if Naruto bacame the fox demon, Sailor Moon would heal him, it takes 30seconds for a senshi attack and it takes Goku 12 episodes to power up) (Zan Alexander)
N103. you built a battle simulator to settle the debate on who would win, the inners or the outers (Zan Alexander)
N104. in your battle simulator, Mercury gets smarter everytime (Zan Alexander)
N105. you try to do a Sailor senshi attack (Zan Alexander)
N106. and you know you reall y watch to much if... (Zan Alexander)
N107. ...the attack actually works! (Zan Alexander)
N108. When you throw your right hand in the air, yell one of the transformation phrases, and nail polish instantly comes on you nails! (animelover13)
N109. When your friends know only two things can come from a CD in your hands.  Either Sailor Moon Music, or a Moon Tiara Action. (Rakinu417) 
N110. Everytime you Karaoke you sing one of the Sailor Moon songs. (Rakinu417)
N111. ...When you start calling your teacher "Haruda-sensei! Haruda-sensei!" even if they're a guy. (Hotaru-hime)
N112. ...When you call every guy with glasses and/or intelligent "Umino-kun". (Hotaru-hime)
N113. ...When someone says one of the dub names, you do either of the following:

1. Whack them with your handy hariisen and shout the correct Japanese name at
them, simultaneously cursing them for their idiocy.
2. Stare at them sadly, break into tears, and moan about how your ears are
bleeding.
(Hotaru-hime)
N114. ...When you plan to have nine children, all girls, change your name to Usagi and force your husband to change his name to Mamoru and name your children after each of the senshi. (Hotaru-hime)
N115. ...When you are admitted to a mental hospital. (Hotaru-hime)
N116. ...When someone makes the tiniest reference to Sailor Moon, you go on and on about the whole history (have done this). (Hotaru-hime)
N117. ...When you point at people and say, "OH MY GOD, SHE LOOKS LIKE [NAME]!!" (Hotaru-hime)
N118. ...When you try to glomp above person. (Hotaru-hime)
N119. ...When you throw a frisbee you shout, "MOON TIARA ACTION!" (Hotaru-hime)
N120. ...When you get sick, you try "Moon Healing Escalation! (Hotaru-hime)
N121. ..You walk around school debating what the transformation music is like
for each Scout.(Done that.) (yodilit)
N122. ..When you can sing the English and Japanese opening theme songs.(Done
that.) (yodilit)
N123. ..Well. This ones a..just me thing. But my friend Heather was dating a girl named Michi and the first thing that came to mind was Haruka and Michiru..O__o; (yodilit)
N124. ...When you carefully note what Usagi eats and are determined to make Ikuko-mama's lemon pie. (Hotaru-hime)

N125. You've written lyrics to the transformations

Mercury Star Power... by SailorZanarkand

Mercury Star Power! Make UP!!!!
She the beauty of water
SailorMercury
Everythings gonna turn out fine
The Sehshi of Knowledge
Sailor Mercury
She's gonna fight until the end!
(Zan Alexander)
N126. -You dye your hair blonde and put it into long odangos (Jen_Renee)
N127. ...When you start studying every day in an attempt to truly understand Ami-chan. (Hotaru-hime)
N128. ...When you literally convert to Shintoism and find a temple in order to be more like Rei-chan. (Hotaru-hime)
N129. ...When you tell your parents that you're moving out because you love Sailor Jupiter. (Hotaru-hime)
N130. ...When you ask the guy you like to tell you to put a red ribbon in your newly dyed blonde hair.  
N131. I saw a black cat the other day, and it nuzzled on me. I yelled I knew it! Finally. I get my senshi powers! (Zan Alexander)
N132. Go to the local video Game arcade and go to one of the machines and press a few buttons hoping that a voice will come out of it and as for a password which you then say *insert password here since i have forgotten which one Luna used * and the game will tell you all about your mission and what not. (Demonic Curse)
N133. If you go to said machine and yet you hear a strange noise and you get down to have a look and realise that there is another person behind it telling you about the mission and what not and are most upset at them for two reasons. (1) they decived you and (2) the most important let down would be realising that there isnt such a thing as mission control or the moon kingdom/Moon Princess etc. (Demonic Curse)  
N134. -Concerning the Sailor outfit you plan on wearing for Halloween, you get paranoid that other people will wear the same outfit and look much better than you. I actually dreamt the other night that a guy I know dressed up as Neptune, and his outfit was much better than mine. (Sage of Chaos)
N135. -You take a darts target and try to throw roses at the bull's eye. Bonus points if you target practice from dangerous heights, like a building or lamppost. (Sage of Chaos)
N136. You read books that have to do with diatant galaxcys and when theey say they do not know if inteligant life out there you want to write into the edditor to have them corect it. (sailornorthstar)
N137. You watch the sky hopeing to see a meteorite so you can fight the monster inside of it. (sailornorthstar)
N138. You have written songs for the enemies of sailormoon, (Tanith_4486)
N139. you have sung sailor moon songs to your classmate( i did this) (Tanith_4486)
N140. you have yelled , " watashi wa usagi tsukino", which is japanese for i am usagi tsukino and you have yelled" moon prism power! make up!" and ecetera with the transforming stuff.... (Tanith_4486)
N141. you have tried to make a crescent moon appear on your forehead, but without success.... (Tanith_4486)
N142. someone yells that sailor moon is stupid and you yell, " in the name of love and justice, she is not!!!"( i did this and my friends were shocked at my enthusiasm for sailormoon) (Tanith_4486)
N143. you have done a sailormoon or sailor v kick... much to the annoyance of friends around you. (Tanith_4486)	
N144. You try to give your self a forehead planet sign with a heated Needle...  (That hurt) (Beru Katori)
N145. ~Aimlessly follow around Sailor Moon Cosplayers for begging for photos. (Beru Katori)
N146. ~Search for a cat with a bald spot on its forhead. (Beru Katori)
N147. ~Dream of one day dating and or marrying A Sailor Moon Cosplayer (Beru Katori)
N148. ~Dive head first into a box of reduced price Sailor Moon Plushies. (Beru Katori)
N149. ~When the fortune cookie reads "Your Essence is ruled by the Planets" (I kid you not) (Beru Katori)
N150. ~One word - tattoo (Beru Katori)
N151. I am going to chase so many people now that i know that
um... how would I say

"In the name of Zanarkand, I will punish you"

If you know... please PM me... i need to know for saving the wor.... i mean cosplay reasons  
(Zan Alexander)
N152. ...when you eye someone at the arcade and say, "I'm gonna Sailor V your a**." (Hotaru-hime)
N153. ...when you are constantly having your forehead scrubbed to get rid of the crescent mark that "magically" appears when you watch Sailor Moon. (Hotaru-hime)
N154. ...When you forget a birthday, you warn everyone to be nice to you or you'll turn into Black Lady. (Hotaru-hime)
N155. ...When you squeal repeatedly every time Mamo-chan transforms. (Hotaru-hime)
N156. ...when you buy a tuxedo, a cape, and a top hat. (Hotaru-hime)
N157. ...when you go in a store in Japan and ask if they have a stretchy stick like Goku's, only black. (Hotaru-hime)
N158. ...when you insist that there IS a rabbit on the moon pounding mochi... he's just hiding in a crater. (Hotaru-hime)
N159. ...when you point to shooting stars and start screaming, "OMFG! KAGUYA-HIME!! KAGUYA-HIME!!!! CALL NASA DAMMIT!! CALL JAPAN! CALL TAKEUCHI-SAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" (Hotaru-hime)
N160. ...when you start pointing to people, saying, "death reborn revolution." (Hotaru-hime) 
N161. ...when you smile evilly and say that at any moment, you could become Mistress 9. (Hotaru-hime)
N162. ...when you cry uncontrollably at every Nephrite reference in the first season after he's dead. (Hotaru-hime)
N163. ...when you write series of fanfiction detailing the day to day life of the inner senshin if the shitennou (sp?) had lived. (Hotaru-hime)
N164. ...when you write to takeuchi-sama, claiming that you love her better than her husband. (Hotaru-hime)
N165. ...when you start saving up to buy sailor moon, so that Tuxedo Kamen-sama really WILL be YOURS. (Hotaru-hime)
N166. ...When you comb through Yu Yu Hakusho, searching for Sailor Moon references. (Hotaru-hime)
N167. ...When you squeal upon seeing a Sailor Moon mask in one of Yuu Watase's manga (is true!! Epotoransu!Mai) and pledge to love the creator even though she admits not to know too much about Sailormoon. (Hotaru-hime)
N168. ...When you wonder if you buy the rights to Tuxedo Kamen, Shibue will be yours. (Hotaru-hime)
N169. ...When you think that Kikawada-sama (Motoki) is an easier target because he's not as popular. (Hotaru-hime)
N170. ...When you swear to kidnap Kamekichi and hold him for ransom. (Hotaru-hime)
N171. ...When you beat your friends who don't watch PGSM for not knowing about it. (Hotaru-hime)
N172. ...When you pledge your undying love to Takeuchi-sama... in person. (Hotaru-hime)
N173. you've done not only Usagi's hair style and Chib Usa's Hair syle but Chibi Chibi's as well ^^ (AngellusMalus)
N174. You have a Balck cat named Luna a, White Cat named Artemis and your mom yelled at you for dyeing your kitten, Diana, lavender. (AngellusMalus)
N175. you make a Tuxedo Mask Plushie puppet *raises hand* ^^; (AngellusMalus)
N176. you make a romote control flying Luna P (AngellusMalus)
N177. you've used sailormoon in so many mneumonic devices to remember things for school that it's not even funny. (pink robotic techno kitty)
N178. you can understand what the following username is a reference to: mmjvunpscm86 (pink robotic techno kitty)
N179. you have three holes pierced in each ear and wear different sized earrings in each so you can be like ami~chan and takeuchi~sensei. and as for the all above, i'm guilty as charged. (pink robotic techno kitty)
N180. ... your friends fear you whenever you have a cd as only one of two results occur: 1. It is a Sailor Moon cd that they have heard on far more accounts than can be counted. 2. You throw it at them saying Moon Tiara Action! (Rakinu417)
N181. ... every free AOL disc becomes ammo for your Burning Mandala! (Rakinu417)
N182. ... you can perform every transformation and attack sequence. (Rakinu417)
N183. ... you can perform every transformation and attack sequence while running on a track(I've actually done this! ^_^). (Rakinu417) 
N184. ... you try to befriend every crow you see. (Rakinu417)
N185. ... you have multiple of the same Sailor Moon cd so you can listen to them from every room in the house.... (Rakinu417)
N186. ...If you have otaku/fan senshi, you know you're obsessed when you walk into fabric shops and imagine recreating the pretty costumes. (Sage of Chaos)
N187. ...When you look hopefully at any cat/crow, just in case they do decide to talk to you. (Sage of Chaos)
N188. ...Are immediately suspicious of any animal with band-aids on their foreheads. (Sage of Chaos)
N189. is inspired by sailormoon to try and do fanart of various charaters in her outfit...0.o (Tanith_4486)
N190. How about eating the food of one of your favorite characters? (Guilty of that as well. -_-;) At lunch I just ate Nihon Soba, Saturn chan's favorite food. <3) (Kuritomo Hikari) 
N191. When you look-up Sailor Moon Drinking games on the web... and actually do them with your friends. (No, I didn't make this one up.)

Outer Senshi drinking game!

Take a drink when...

- Haruka drives something.
- Haruka holds Michiru's hand.
- Haruka gets jealous over Michiru.
- Haruka flirts with the other senshi.
- Haruka calls Usagi "Odango."
- The other scouts comment on how surprised they were to find out Haruka was really a girl.
- Haruka blushes/coughs/is flustered by Michiru.
- Haruka raises/twitches her eyebrow.
- Haruka dies in a painful, romantic way, holding hands with Michiru.
- Haruka gets pissed off.
- Haruka says she doesn't need the Inner Senshi's help (take two drinks if she's wrong.)
- Haruka shows up *without* Michiru.
- Haruka gets a new henshin.
- Haruka puts her arm around Michiru.
- Haruka detransforms.
- Haruka uses the space sword.
- Haruka uses the space sword and it doesn't work (take two drinks if Michiru comments on it.)

- Michiru sings.
- Michiru plays the violin.
- Michiru says a loaded statement to Haruka about their relationship.
- Michiru flirts with a guy to make Haruka jealous.
- A guy flirts with Michiru.
- Michiru wears a kimono.
- Michiru dies in a painful, romantic way, holding hands with Haruka.
- Michiru proves she's better at something than everyone else.
- Usagi says how she admires Michiru.
- Michiru gets upset.
- Michiru swims or shows up in a bathing suit.
- Michiru holds Haruka back.
- Michiru holds Haruka back and she dies.
- Michiru giggles.
- Michiru pulls out the Deep Aqua Mirror.

- Setsuna is seen holding her staff.
- Setsuna is carring baby Hotaru.
- Setsuna mentions time and/or time travel.
- Setsuna controls time.
- Setsuna eats ice cream.
- Setsuna drinks tea.
- Setsuna dies (take two drinks if another senshi kills her and drain if she kills herself.)
- Senstuna pops up out of nowhere.
- Setsuna calls Chibiusa "Small Lady"
- The time doors are shown
- Sailor Pluto shows up for the first time.
- Chibiusa calls her "Puu"
- Setsuna makes an all-too-knowing comment.
- Setsuna smiles.
- Setsuna looks upset/troubled and something bad immediately happens
- Setsuna uses an attack. (Take two drinks if it's not "Dead Scream" and three if it doesn't work.)
- Setsuna wears the purple dress suit (Drain if she wears something else!)

- Hotaru is seen carrying her glaive.
- Hotaru pulls her Glaive on another senshi.
- Hotaru comments on her dead mother.
- Hotaru makes an appearance as Mistress 9.
- Hotaru, as Mistress 9, screams.
- Hotaru, as Mistress 9, regains her memories.
- Hotaru calls Michiru and Haruka, "Haruka-papa" and "Michiru-mama."
- Hotaru is shown anywhere under the age of twelve.
- Hotaru goes on a suicide mission.
- Hotaru heals someone.
- Hotaru whispers a thank you to Chibiusa.

This is just the outer senshi one! The Inner senshi drinking game that can be found here http://members.tripod.com/~sfeotaku/inner.htm !

Aside from the drinking game I'm guilty of...

- Cosplay.
- Talking to cats.
- Buying too much sailor moon merchandise.
- Making reference to Sailor Moon in daily life.
- Downloading sheet music (for the piano) and playing duets with friends before band class... every single day XD;
- Is dating a violinist.
(Barentine)

You know you watch too much Sailor Moon when...

N192. You write fanfictions about Sailor Moon (Guilty) (Kuritomo Hikari)
N193. You create a fanmade character (GUILTY! ) (Kuritomo Hikari)
N194. You eat the same food that your favorite character likes (Guilty of that too. I eat Nihon Soba...) (Kuritomo Hikari)
N195. You create a shrine of that character and hide your precious shrine in the closet of your room. (Kuritomo Hikari)
N196. You fill your room with Sailor Moon stuff (Kuritomo Hikari)
N197. You go to Japan and HOPEFULLY run into one of the Scouts/Guardians. (Kuritomo Hikari)
N198. And you do the same hobbies as your fav character, i.e., Minako and Makoto chase boys 24/7/365. (Kuritomo Hikari)
N199. You go to a Japanese school in Tokyo in hopes of running into your favorite character... (Kuritomo Hikari)
N200. Finally, you wish you were married to the character that you like... (Guilty as charged.) (Kuritomo Hikari)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Moon (the scout) When:

N201. You see someone bullying another kid and run up and yell "Moon Healing Activation" at him (Arcangel Moon)
N202. One day you adopt a black cat and name her Luna. You constantly tell her stories about Sailor Moon and you hope that some day she will tell you that you are Sailor Moon. (Arcangel Moon)
N203. You hold a pen up and yell "Disguise Power, turn me into a movie star" in hopes that you will become famous. Unfortunately it doesn't work. (Arcangel Moon)
N204. Your principal considers the hard plastic scepter you carry around at school with you a concealed weapon because you've been known to take it out and spin around then yell "Moon Scepter Elimination!" at people you don't like. (Arcangel Moon)
N205. The guy named Darien at your school is afraid of you because you're always flinging your arms around him and crying out, "Where are we going tonight" (Arcangel Moon)
N206. Every time your on a date and your about to kiss you worry that a pink haired child will come falling from the sky and land on top of you then brainwash your family. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Mercury When:

N207. In your pool you splash and throw water saying "Shine Aqua Illusion" (Arcangel Moon).
N208. You think that Sailor Mercury should open a car wash. (Arcangel Moon)
N209. You shove your head into different computer monitors everyday hoping that one of these days the symbol of Mercury will appear. (Arcangel Moon)
N210. You get your ears pierced just do you can put a little blue earring in there. Then you spend hours fiddling with the one on your right ear, hoping that a VR Visor will materialize across your eyes. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Mars When:

N211. You spend hours in front of your fire place trying to see the future. (Arcangel Moon)
N212. When the electricity goes out, you grab a match and shout "Mars Fire Ignite" (Arcangel Moon)
N213. You set your house on fire, in hopes that the spirits will finally talk to you (Arcangel Moon)
N214. You wonder if those two ravens you spot outside will lead you to a Shinto temple and Raye. (Arcangel Moon)
N215. When you're at a meeting and the person sitting next to you votes against your proposal, you pinch her on the ankle. (Arcangel Moon)
N216. You suddenly lost all of your stage fright and started taking singing lessons. (Arcangel Moon) 

Your obbessed with Salor Mars/ Rei when:

N217. You got to a shinto shrine and ask them if you can train to be a Miko (shrine maden) (AngellusMalus)
N218. you have two pet crows (AngellusMalus)
N219. you site for hours meditating infront of a fire thinking you'll see visions (AngellusMalus)
N220. you shoot flameing arrows at people yelling "Flame Sniper!" (AngellusMalus)
N221. you try doing karate in pumps @_@ (i can hardly even walk in pumps ) (AngellusMalus) 

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Jupiter When:

N222. You strap an antenna to your head and stand outside during thunderstorms with your arms crossed over your head, hoping to be struck by lightning. (Arcangel Moon)
N223. You start cooking and cleaning and suddenly have a liking for plants. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Venus When:

N224. You tie a small penlight to your index finger and shout "Venus Crescent Beam Smash". (Arcangel Moon)
N225. One day you buy a white cat and name it Artemis. You try training it to do somersaults in hopes of getting your Venus Transformation pen. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Uranus When:

N226. You join the track team (Arcangel Moon)
N227. You learn how to play the piano (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Pluto When:

N228. You stand it front of your garage with a stick pretending you are Sailor Pluto and you hit anyone that try's to get past telling them it's the future and they can't go in. (Arcangel Moon)
N229. You decide your going to start making your own clothes. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With Sailor Saturn When:

N230. You start collecting lamps (Arcangel Moon)
N231. You suddenly have a liking for black leotards (Arcangel Moon)
N232. Every now and then you pretend to faint (Arcangel Moon)

You know you want to be Tomoe Hotaru when...

N233. ...you dye your hair a blackish-purple (Hotaru-hime)
N234. ...when you get purple contacts. (Hotaru-hime)
N235. ...when you start making clothes that look exactly like Hotaru's. (Hotaru-hime)
N236. ...when you legally change your name to "Tomoe Hotaru". (Hotaru-hime)

You Know You're Obsessed With Rini When:

N237. You grab a car key and start yelling at it to take you back to the future (Arcangel Moon)
N238. You are constantly searching for your Luna-P. (Arcangel Moon)
N239. You dream about Pegasus, then get scared thinking the Dark moon circus will come after you. (Arcangel Moon)

You know you're obsessed with Black Lady When:

N240. You save every image of Black Lady no matter how bad the angle/resolution is. Even if it's one you already have on your computer... it's just got a cool new background... (Syndrama)

You Know You're Obsessed with Sailor Moon The show When:

N241. You try to dress and act like your favorite Sailor Scout. (Arcangel Moon)
N242. You bring your cat down to the local arcade and tell her contact Central Command (Arcangel Moon)
N243. You pass every single Sailor Moon Quiz they throw at you. (Arcangel Moon)
N244. You beg your mom to buy cable so you can see the S and SuperS season and when she says no you con the people at BlockBuster into buying the tapes that have the episodes on them and putting them for rent. (Arcangel Moon)
N245. You surf the internet for hours on end and you've seen just about every Sailor Moon site. (Arcangel Moon)
N246. Every time there's a power blackout you suspect the Negaverse had something to do with it. (Arcangel Moon)
N247. You get up at 6:30 in the morning just to see Sailor Moon repeats. (Arcangel Moon)
N248. You think that, with practice, you too will be able to jump 18 feet into the air, with high heels on, like the Sailor Scouts (Arcangel Moon)
N249. Your friends and family ask you to see a psychiatrist, to talk about your Sailor Moon 'Obsession'. (Arcangel Moon)
N250. You're seeing a psychiatrist about your Sailor Moon addiction, and end up getting her hooked too! (Arcangel Moon)
N251. You learn to cut glass so you can make an Imperium Silver Crystal. (Arcangel Moon)
N252. Your car breaks down on the way to work, and you tell your fellow car-poolers that you can all still get there on time if they would just join hands in a circle and chant, "Sailor Planet Teleport." They look at you like your crazy and leave. (Arcangel Moon)
N253. The minute you walk into your WalMart, the guy behind the counter tells you that he has new Sailor Moon stuff in stock. (Arcangel Moon)
N254. You can carry out a small conversation in Japanese from watching subtitled episodes. (Arcangel Moon)
N255. Your little sister's first words are "Chibi Chibi!" (Arcangel Moon)
N256. You ask the people at the Jewelers if they have the Silver Crystal. (Arcangel Moon)
N257. You can recite every scout's stats. (Arcangel Moon)
N258. Your parents, even though they have never seen Sailor Moon, know all the characters and the relationship between them. (Arcangel Moon)
N259. You shave your cat's forehead in the shape of a crescent moon in the hopes that she'll do a "Luna Mind Meld", revealing that you are as you hopes a Sailor Scout. (Arcangel Moon)
N260. You throw your bald-spotted kitty in the air, getting severely scratched in the process, hoping that as she lands a Transformation Locket will appear. (Arcangel Moon)
N261. THe Humane Society has confiscated your cat. (Arcangel Moon)

You Know You're Obsessed With The Sailor Moon Series When...

N262. One of your goals in life is to create your own version of every single item that the Sailor Senshi have used. (That's me...) (GetsurinKoneko)
N263. You have a entire Favorites Folder (divided into about a hundred sub-folders) on Sailor Moon. (Used to be me...) (GetsurinKoneko)
N264. You come up with Sailor Moon fanfics, and also do crossover fics involving Sailor Moon. (Me...I just never write them down...) (GetsurinKoneko)

You Know You Watch Too Much Sailor Moon Crystal When:

N265. You start singing 'Moon Pride' in the Bus/Subway, earning you many confused (or outright terrified) looks and lots of empty space (Admit it, you're singing it right now.) (Onuzim Ima)
N266. You look at grape soda and shout, dramatically, "IT WAS YOU!!!" (redblade7)
N267. When you wake up with a cold, you throw your necklace at the door. (redblade7)
N268. You know how to do the creepy Usagi stare. (redblade7)
N269. ...and you win staring contests with it. (redblade7)
N270. ...and you have defeated the school bully with it. (redblade7)
N271. 1) You make tons of amvs on your OTP(s) and post them on YouTube. (SailorStar9)
N272. 2) You make Tuxedo Kamen/Shittenou appreciation amvs post them on YouTube. (SailorStar9)
N273. 3) You make fanmade videos that expand on the Silver Millennium and/or Crystal Tokyo and post them on YouTube. (SailorStar9)
N274. i) Said videos also include Shittenou/Inner Senshi shipping. (SailorStar9)
N275. ii) Crystal Tokyo videos also hints to the Sailor Quartet as being the Shittenou/Inner Senshi's kids. (SailorStar9)
N276. 4) You make a 90's Sailor Moon vs Sailor Moon Crystal comparison video and rant on how much better one version is compared to the other. (SailorStar9)
N277. i) Your rant on how much more useless the Inner Senshi are in Sailor Moon Crystal compared to the 90's Sailor Moon takes up half of the video. (SailorStar9)
N278. 5) You actually write Sailor Moon Crystal fanfiction. (SailorStar9)
N279. 6) You post all of the Senshi's transformation sequences on YouTube, especially Saturn's, because thank god Sailor Moon Crystal finally gave her one! (SailorStar9)
N280. 7) You download all of Sailor Moon Crystal's opening and ending themes, create a playlist and play it on repeat. (SailorStar9)
N281. i) You actually have 'Moon Pride' as your ringtone/smartphone alarm. (SailorStar9)
