Translated by senshi of love:

H1. ...You learn all day long so that you can be smart like Ami-chan.
H2. ... When you forget make your homework you stand on the hall with a bucket of water on your head
H3. ...you try to convince your parents that your little sister isn't really your sister, and that she just hypnotizes you.
H4. ... You r going to Anime-meeting in your Sailor moon costume, then you saw somebody with exactly the same costume as yours and then you say: "You won't get off with this, Zoicite!"
H5. ...you r in Iran on vacation and every man you see with a white mask on his face you ask: "Is that you Tuxedo Mask?"
H6. ...when you see that outside is a nice sunny day and you r in house and watch Sailor moon...you just take TV outside.
H7. ...you r begging your cat that she returns your memory back
H8. ... You throw the stove in air and you shout: "Fire Soul!"
H9. ...you start to learn Japanese so that you can watch the original series.
H10. ... When you turn your computer on the startup music is set on "Moon Prism Power".
H11. ...you draw a bunny on your lunch pack.
H12. ... You take a bus only when you r transformed in a stewardess or a kindergarten teacher.
H13. ...you go to meeting places but only when you r armed with soap bubbles things.
H14. ... You never live home without your blue sunglasses and a pocket calculator
H15. ... You suggest Reinhold Messner if he want to go with you on North Pole, so that you can fight against the evil.
H16. ... Every time when you go on Street Parade you hope you will discover a Sailor Senshi, just because she has a blue hair or wearing some hair accessories.
H17. ...you saw God in your dreams and he said to you: "No I won t make a Sailor Senshi of you! So stop bothering me!"
H18. ... Your best friend believes that you like Sailor moon more then her. AND SHE HAS RIGHT!
H19. ... You are walking in smoking and throws red roses around you.
H20. ...You draw a Neptune symbol on your hand mirror hoping that you would transform in Sailor Neptune.
H21. ...You tell your classmate: "Even if you have the best grades, still you r not so smart like Ami.
H22. ... You have a flu and you don't want take your medicine, cause you hope Sailor Venus will come to heal you.
H23. ... Your friends abandoned you, because they can't listen your comparing with Sailor senshis anymore.
H24. ...You and your Japanese friend WWSMB (we want sailor moon back) want to start a campaign and when it s obvious it wont work, you complain to rtl2.
H25. ... You during your class lessons draw Hotaru and your teacher come by and she said:"Oh, Sailor moon?!"
H26. ... You every time when you see the moon you shout:" Moon Tiara Action!"
H27. ... You play basketball you repeat all the time: "Luna-P! Transform!"
H28. ... You try to find a "Chanella" in animal encyclopedias.
H29. ... You v searched all places to find the Time Key.
H30. ... You believe that you v saved the world, but you can't remember and it s all your cats fault (poor cat).
H31. ... You r afraid to go to jeweler shops cause you think that somebody could take your life energy,
H32. ...You believe that you can actually see other people's dreams.
H33. ... You see Mamoru in all guys with black hair.
H34. ... You in stationery shop ask for Magic Pen.
H35. ... You r afraid of flowers cause you think they might transform into a demon.
H36. ... You and your 4 friends have gone in a search for princess.
H37. ... You named your horse Pegasus and you try to teach him how to fly.
H38. ... You try so hard to make those meatballs like Sailor moon has.
H39. ... You take one of your mum's broaches and you try to transform into Sailor moon (but nothing happened.)
H40. ... You think that every black cat you see in the street is actually Luna and that she is looking for you. And you ask yourself, why your friend doesn't believe that when you tell her??
H41. ... You actually believe that Sailor senshis are real.
H42. ... You go with your friends to pasture and there you start yelling on cows, thinking actually that they r evil. Then you try to summon the power of Saturn to beat them.
H43. ... You call your friend Artemis but he doesn't even hear you.
H44. ... Your friend comes by in a long black tuxedo and you put him a black hat on head, give him a white cane and a white mask on his face, so that he looks just like Tuxedo Mask.
H45. ... You r looking for the crescent moon sign on your cats forehead and you wonder why can't she talk.
H46. ... You color your horse in white, you stick some wings on his back and a golden horn on his forehead, so that you can prove that you capture Pegasus.
H47. ... You imagine that you r wearing a skirt.
H48. ... You r searching a team for your performance in Sailor Moon Live Action.
H49. ... You look for every Sailor moon fan art.
H50. ... You actually believe that you in your past life lived in the Moon Kingdom and now you r reborn.
H51. ...You named your transsexual friend "Seiya"
H52. ... You draw every day a moon symbol on your forehead.
H53. ... You believe that Sailor Sun, Galaxy and Earth really existing.
H54. ... You said the little girl from your neighborhood that you can see her future mother.
H55. ... You believe that you came from Saturn and you were sent to save the Earth.
H56. ... You want to draw a Sailor senshis on the walls.
H57. ... You make a driving license, buy a white- red Yamaha, fitting outfit and a helmet so you can drive along the beach.
H58. ... You put a lemon on your violin when you play.
H59. ... You imagine that Haruka wake you up in morning.
H60. ... You r discussing the whole weekend about Haruka and Michiru with your friends.
H61. ... You have some really crazy ideas with your friend. You r planning take off your weight and cut your hair so that you two can look together just like Haruka and Michiru.
H62. ... You decide to make a tattoo for your birthday and that will be the both symbols of Uranus and Neptune.
H63. ... You start to talk with cats that have fur in shape of crescent moon.
H64. ... You every black or white cat that you see on street beg that she gives you a Transformation Pen.

Translated by silver-eyes:

H65. ...you're going mad with happiness when you find out RTL2 is going to air Sailor Moon again. (Hey, I don't do that, what did you think? >.>" Yeeeees! ^_____^)
H66. ...you stick yellow tights to your hair only to look a bit more like Usagi.
H67. ...You try to find a crescent moon on your cat and then teach it how to talk
H68. ...You think your father is evil Dr.
H69. ...You try to teach your Astronomy teacher where the planet Nemesis is... And actually succeed to convince him!
H70. ...You are afraid to drive in a Ford GALAXY
H71. ...You say when you are 17: "I envy these young people..." (Michiru's quote from the German episode "Das Konzert". I also found a translation from Japanese, in which she actually said: "It's so nice to be young...")
H72. ...You scream at your ex in anger: "In the name of the Moon, i'll punish you!"
H73. ...You try to do everything EXACTLY like in the first episode of Sailor Moon, so that perhaps a cat would show up that you'd have to
H74. ...You get a tattoo of Saturn's symbol on your forehead, cut your hair shoulder-length and dye it black
H75. ...You understand what it's about, even after a million of episodes (?)
H76. ...You check every black cat in your town for a crescent moon on its forehead
H77. ...Nobody recognizes you, when you run around in sooo totally discreet Sailor Moon clothes
H78. ...Your friend has a white cat named Artemis
H79. ...You let your hair grow all the way to your butt
H80. ...You travel all the way to North Pole to seek the secret hideout of the evil kingdom
H81. ...You are jealous of your best friend because she got a Moon Scepter from her grandfather, and you didn't
H82. ...Your name is DOC and you thought of more than 300 entries for YKYWTMSMW...
H83. ...You get your grandmother to cut her sea-green skirt shorter, so she could make you a Sailor Neptune costume
H84. ...You record numerous of Haruka and Michiru episodes, because you like the pairing so much, even though you already know all the episodes by heart and they are slowly even not amusing you anymore
H85. ...You cut your hair short and dye it blue to look like Ami
H86. ...You paint a spiral shape on your umbrella and try to hypnotize your friends and family
H87. ...You cancel all your dates on Saturday evening and decide to spend the night with chinese food, watching Sailor Moon DVD's until you meet your father at 6 am in the morning on the way to toilet and scream in his face: "In the name of the Moon, I'll punish you!"
H88. ...If you print out every single image of Sailor Moon, until you literally own a gallery
H89. ...You convince your 3 friends to grow their hair long, get up on the stage and sing
H90. ...You visit all the possible stores and boutiques in search for a bikini that looks like Sailor Starlight's outfit
H91. ...You reject to call Usagi Bunny or Serena 
H92. ...You keep screaming: "Moon Tiara Action!"
H93. ...When you were in 5th grade, you kept waiting for your cat to start talking and to tell you that you had to save the world
H94. ...You accidentally find a black-grey-blue cat, decide to keep it and call her Luna
H95. ...You wrap yourself in a white sheet, to look like the Moonlight Knight. And while you talk, you put a hand over your mouth, to sound exactly like him.
H96. ...You saw a woman who looked exactly like Haruka, you spoke to her, and now you two are a couple that looks exactly like Haruka and Michiru
H97. ...You stick a moon-shaped sticker on your cat's forehead
H98. ...You are convinced that your are to become a queen in few years and get a daughter that you will name Chibiusa
H99. ...You dress up like Sailor Moon, even though you are a guy, and enjoy it
H100. ...You stick a moon on your forehead and insist on being called "Princess" or "Serenity"
H101. ...You think your cousin has a cowbell that she can use to call a flying horse named Pegasus
H102. ...You avoid the mathematical genius from your school, because he is actually a youma and can see the future
H103. ...You spend hours looking for a fanfic on the net that you had accidentally found before, and then yell because you can't find it: "In the name of the Moon, I'll punish you if I don't find that fanfic!"
H104. ...You realize, that you REALLY watch too much Sailor Moon
H105. ...Every time you see a missing person poster, you think it had to be Zoisite with his black crystal...
H106. ...You buy a motorcycle exactly like the one Haruka has, and then crash as soon as you get on because you don't know a thing about motorcycles.
H107. ...You become a lesbian, desperately try to look like Haruka and keep looking for a girl named Michiru to declare your love to her
H108. ...You are scared to death of your sister's singing sunflower, because you are afraid it would do something to you if only you looked at it
H109. ...You think that long veils are not kitschy
H110. ...You have an extra stomach for chocolate cakes
H111. ...You desperately try to convince your friends that they are chosen warriors, and that they should help you - their princess - with mathematics
H112. ...You have seen the first season
H113. ...You become lazy, you begin to eat too much and daydream all the time
H114. ...You mumble something like: "Beautiful... this agony before destruction" when you finish your Math homework

Translated by new_york

You watch to much Sm when:

H115. -You are trying to download all Sailor moon pictures from the web
H116. -You are tryign to put a gold "stick"on your horse and you are wondering why doesnt he apear in your dreams.
H117. -When you cant concentrate on anything else besides Mamoru and Usagi
H118. -Instead of a man you see a women on the moon
H119. -You believe that on the next corner Mamoru will show up and bump up into you
H120. -When you sit on your Pc until 5 pm in the night and do stuff related to Sailor Moon
H121. -When you have Sailor moon pics on your I-pod
H122. -when you have sm songs on your I-pod
H123. -When you believe that Britney Spears with"evrytime i try to fly ,i fall" was thinking about sailor moon.
H124. -When you go to sleep and still think about sailor moon.
H125. -When you hook up a white cat with a black one.
H126. -When you will almost cry because you dont have the posters of Mamoru and Usagi and when you scream of happines when you find one the next day.
H127. -when you use 10 sailor moon nick names on the various chat rooms.
H128. -When you take a broche(the thing wich sm can transform into a model and other stuff)and try to transform with it into sm.
H129. -When you go into the star light express and you start crying because the yaten,taiki and seiya where not there.
H130. -When you could argue all day long why seiya fit better with usagi then mamoru.
H131. -When you fly to japan and look for Usagi and the rest.
H132. -When you run all day long in your sm clothes.
H133. -When you let your hair grow until the flor so that you can wear your hair like usagi.
H134. -When you dress up in a white dress and say that from this moment your name is Serenity.
H135. -When you choose astronomie in your school because you want to learn the teleporter to other planets.
H136. -When you run around in your smoking and throw roses around you.
H137. -When while playing basketball you always starts yelling "luna p- transfom".
H138. -When you see the moon you say"moon healing escalation"
H139. -When you belive that you once saved the world and you forgott everything and that its your cats fault.
H140. -When see Mamoru in every darkhaired guy
H141. -When you call your horse pegasus and try to fly with him trough the air

Translated by Dan:

H142. ...you start making half-moon bald spots on all the cats you meet.
H143. ...on your 18th birthday, you go directly to a tattooist and get the signs of Neptune and Uranus on your left and right upper arms.
H144. ...you ask any black or white cat you see on the street to give you a magic pen.
H145. ...you give someone a trophy that looks like the Holy Grail, thinking that Mistress 9 will appear.
H146. ...after watching the live action series, you raid the TV network, looking for everything to do with the show, including the diaries of the actresses.
H147. ...check to see if you've done everything on this list.
H148. ...go to all the car races you can, hoping to spot Haruka.
H149. ...are a teacher and want one of your students to dye their hair like Michiru and wear a serafuku to the swimming carnival, assuming that said student will win.
H150. ...you're the swimming team coach and as you take your students into the first pool, you imagine a ball-shaped piece of water rise up and you shout "Deep Submerge!"
H151. ...you forget the colour of your walls because they're covered by Sailor Moon posters.
H152. ...your friends try to filter your internet and TV to remove everything relating to Sailor Moon in order to stop your addiction. You see them doing it, but when you confront them, you pretend you saw it in your hand mirror.
H153. ...Naoko asks you to finish the series for her, ending with Haruka and Michiru getting married.
H154. ...you've never played darts, but you manage to get 100 points by placing a picture of your least favourite villain over the bullseye.
H155. ...someone tries to trick you, but fails and when they ask how you knew what was happening, you pull out a mirror and claim that you can see all through your mirror.
H156. ...your girlfriend drops her pen, but before she picks it up, you say "Stop, it is your choice whether you take the pen, but if you do, and use it when it's in your hand, your life will change forever."
H157. ...you know what to do if someone says "I hate the sea."
H158. ...you go to the beach and play violin pieces.
H159. ...you notice that everyone in the area hides whenever you pick up a glass of water.
H160. ...whenever you're in a cathedral, you're careful that no arrows fly through the windows and hit you.
H161. ...your girlfriend constantly asks if the wind is blowing the right way.
H162. ...you scream "Die you b****!" if you see Eugeal on the TV.
H163. ...you shout "By the power of Neptune, I punish you!" or "Deep Submerge!" at people you hate.
H164. ...your friends don't dare to say that Mercury is better than Neptune, since the last time that happened, everything got very wet, very quickly.
H165. ...your Psychologist makes sure not to have a glass of water in his room when you visit.
H166. ...your parents threaten to ban you from the telephone, TV and seeing your friends if you don't stop throwing water at everyone.
H167. ...someone asks where you come from and you say "Neptune."
H168. ...in your dreams you are Haruka and Eugeal is always in your nightmares.
H169. ...your friends go to a psychologist because they have a nervous breakdown every time you touch a glass of water.
H170. ...you throw a glass of water over the head of anyone who looks remotely like Eugeal.
H171. ...you read this list at least once a day.
H172. ...you try and change the name of your school to "Mugen Gakuen".
H173. ...every day you spin around and shout "Neptune Power, Make Up!" and hope that you transform into Sailor Neptune.
H174. ...you throw a glass of water on your disgruntled parents and shout "Deep Submerge!"
H175. ...you are at sea and a huge wave approaches. You point at it and shout "Deep Submerge!"
H176. ...you stand in front of the stove and attempt to see the future.
H177. ...you call the TV channel Arte, Artemis and the channel Salomon, Sailor Moon.
H178. ...you and your boyfriend break up because you agree that it has to happen to protect you.
H179. ...you think that if you send enough letters to Mattel, they'll replace Barbie with Sailor Moon.
H180. ...you're afraid to go to a planetarium because you're afraid of the evil lurking there.
H181. ...you've already named the next Sailor Moon series even though it doesn't exist yet.
H182. ...you go to the same volleyball club as your 5 year old brother.
H183. ...you dress up as Sailor Moon and run around the garden killing "demons" (your younger brother and his friends).
H184. ...you suggest to random women in the city that they should wear a Sailor Jupiter costume.
H185. ...you think that a male singing trio that you know can turn into girls.
H186. ...you abandon your steak dinner when you hear that RTL2 is showing Sailor Moon again (???). 

Translated by Mina_Chan:

H187. You demand that everyone should wear school uniforms at your school
H188. You start to throw red roses after all phantoms
H189. Your friends say you are "Sailor Moon fanatic" AND YOU TAKE IT AS AN COMPLIMENT
H190. You sit before an exam in school and suddenly jump up, hold your pen in the air and scream "Moon Power! Transform me into an omniscient student!"
H191. You only go out at full moon because during other moon phases you may could be hit by an crescent beam
H192. You are convienced that Tamagotchi is the newest trick of Jedite to drain energy from humans, ---- or it is Anne and Ail's new guardian, this time electrical, which never refuses an order
H193. You find yourself in a hospital because you were hit by a lightning
H194. You say instead of "May the force be with you" you say "May the force of the moon be with you"
H195. You walk along a pedestrian precinct with a laser pointer sticked at your index finger. When you start running and scream "Crescent Beam, Crescent Beam"
H196. You watch the whole Sailor Moon Classic season during one night
H197. You found a Zoisite fanclub
H198. You name your cats Luna and Artemis
H199. You think "Super Sailor Mercury" is the same as "AMI PRO" (Mina_Chan: AMI PRO, an ancient word processor format/program)
H200. You organize a party where everyone hast to come in Sailor Moon costumes


