V1. Your mother asks: "If Sailor Moon jumped off a bridge, would you?!" You remind her that Sailor Moon DID jump off a bridge, into a time warp. And had you been there at the time, you would certainly have followed. (Salem Saberhagen)
V2. You talk to your cat. I talk to mine. Daily. (Clow)
V3. You start calling your cat Luna. (Clare Gundersen)
V4. you blame everything on chiba to the point of making memes about it (Prince Rose)
V5. you make countless Fan Fics lol (Ryo Urawa)
V6. You assume any snow storms are being caused by Princess Snow Kaguya and when the warm weather returns, it's because the Sailor Guardians saved the day. (Neon Genesis)
V7. You can't go a single day of the year without watching an episode of Sailor Moon, listening to a Sailor Moon podcast, checking forums and Sailor Moon Twitter accounts, or watching YouTube videos. (this is sadly me right now). (Neon Genesis)
V8. You stay up late to 5:00 a.m. to live tweet all the latest updates about Sailor Moon Crystal (I've also done this). (Neon Genesis)
V9. You go to anything the voice actors are participating in just to get their autograph. (kikyo hino)
V10. When you start humming the OP. (CureNa11)
V11. You thought that the Pokémon Go fad just was a trick of the Dark Kingdom (or Negaverse or whatever). (Eldsjäl)
V12. You refer to Sailor Moon lore when in political debates with people. (MariaTenebre)
V13. When your 3 year old is being a turd and you take off your SM belt and (jokingly) tell him, "In the name of the Moon, I'll punish you!" (mydnyghtamethyst)
V14. Also when he wants to watch the show and "see" the Sailor Guardians on your phone AKA play Sailor Moon Drops. (mydnyghtamethyst)
V15. You paint (or dye) your cat's fur black, glue a crescent moon on its/her forehead and start calling it/her "Luna". (Onuzim Ima)
V16. However, if you favor Artemis instead, you could hopefully keep it white. (Onuzim Ima)
V17. You propose at NASA HQ for the next Moon Mission, just for getting to see the ruins of the Lunar Castle. (Onuzim Ima)
V18. (YKYWTMSM) if you put your head through Grandma's antique wardrobe mirror 'cause you believe Nehellenia/Pegasus could be hiding inside - And then you wonder about the shards and all that blood (That's an original one I recently came up with in case you're asking) (Onuzim Ima)
V19. (YKYWTMSM) if your school grades are so bad you're running around all over the city, desperately asking for some 'Crystal Seminar' (Same here) (Onuzim Ima)
V20. You try to have a frilly notebook to write down Sm stuffs,including those ykywtmsmw jokes (i try to do it too) (litacan)
